Athena Gu
linkedin.com/in/athena-gu-7405b32
(703) 328-4344 | mdathena@yahoo.com | Arlington, VA 22207


Objective
Problem solver with a mission to investigate, understand, learn and please. Over 23 years of IT experience in Helpdesk, Software Development and Data Analysis




Business Intelligence
Healthcare claims auditing
Data Analysis
Technical Training
Skills & Expertise
SQL
Access/Excel
C/C++
Visual Basic


Helpdesk
Customer Service
Software Engineering



Professional Experience Equian, LLC (formerly The Reclaim Group) | Bethesda, MD
Sr. Analyst (2017 – Present); Data Analyst/Auditor (2012 – 2017)
Analyzed claims using Excel and various client specific software such as QNXT and NASCO to identify overpayments to Healthcare providers.
Generated over 1 million dollars in revenue for the company in 2017
Manipulated and analyzed large datasets in Excel and SQL server to generate possible overpayment reports
Identified overpayments to providers for Cigna and Horizon.

ManTech International Corporation | Washington, D.C. Data Architect (2011 – 2012)
Supported the Enterprise Architecture team at the Department of Health and Human Services in Data Architecture related issues.
Modeled in Troux to increase the EA System Inventory.
Promoted best practice such as the National Information Exchange Model (NIEM)
The Reclaim Group, LLC | Bethesda, MD
IT Manager/Healthcare Data Analyst (2007 – 2011)
Supported the auditors in day to day IT related issues and processed incoming data from insurance companies to generate data in an auditable format.
Manipulated and analyze large datasets in Access and Excel.
Performed regular Systems Administrator duties and managed all IT related issues.
Automated auditing process using Access and Excel macros, greatly expediting the reviewing time



Facilities Maintenance, University of Texas At Austin | Austin, TX Data Analyst (2004 – 2007)
Developed and ran metrics for measuring and improving processes, moving toward Six Sigma performance
Provided technical support to Building Maintenance users for Access, FAMIS (Computerized Maintenance Management System), VFA (Facilities Condition Assessment) and other databases
Helped manage the annual repair and renovation budget planning using ACCESS and Visual Basic
Constructed presentation materials and reports using SQL, ACCESS, EXCEL and COGNOS

Applied Research Labs, University of Texas At Austin | Austin, TX Engineering Scientist Associate (2001 – 2003)
Improved and maintained multithreaded GUI-based windows applications written in C and C++/MFC in support of US Navy research programs.
Constructed a user-friendly Matlab GUI front end to replace a text-interface legacy program
Developed database access functions that use SQL over ODBC interface
Standardized software development environment and configuration management for a multi-user multi- program application, eliminating duplicate versions and increasing efficiency.
Trevino Mechanical Contractors | Killeen, TX Programmer II (2001)
Helped securing a multi-year contract by designing and creating a relational database to track employee information, HVAC inventory, filter change schedule and budget using MS Access and VBScripts
Maintained and trained users on the database, greatly reducing the amount of paperwork, tremendously increasing efficiency and accuracy
Central Texas College | Killeen, TX Computer Instructor (2000 – 2001)
Taught military and civilian personnel hands on courses on Web Design, Database, Advanced Word, Excel under the Microcomputer Specialist Degree plan
National Trust for Historical Preservation | Washington, D.C. Computer Specialist (1996 – 1999)
Provided computer hardware and software support to 200+ users in Washington and satellite offices

Administrative Computer Center, University of Maryland at College Park | College Park, MD Helpdesk Technician
Installed, upgraded, configured and troubleshot software and hardware on PCs.
Created on-line manuals and documentation, designed and maintained web pages;

Education
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science |University of Maryland at College Park | 1999
Licenses & Certifications
Licensed VA Real Estate Salesperson | Certified Les Mills Bodypump and Bodyflow instructor
Languages
English and Mandarin
